# Chapter 1

"Cha-ching!" chirped her phone.

Her dad used to complain when she was younger about feeling like a "cog in the corporate machine" but not a lot of people
these days use that phrase anymore.
Must have something to do with literally having a robot for a boss, she mused.
She set her payment schedule for Fridays from her company's payroll contract so she could have enough crypto to go out and
feel like a queen for at least a few hours.
Tonight she was going to go out with some people she met this week from the co-office her company paid for.
Hopefully one or two of them would turn out to be okay, and then not disappear on her the next week due to head-hunter
bots or "restructurings" that seemed to happen all the time these days.
When companies started moving the majority of their admininstration into contracts on the world-chain,
it no longer seemed difficult for them to constantly shift costs around, even at the expense of human lives.
It didn't matter, it was just how the world worked and she knew it. Everyone knew it. We're not in control anymore.

She had been working in her current gig for a few months now, definitely a rarity for the first time in her young adult life.
Most people bounced back and forth between home and different spaces rented in co-offices in far-off,
exotic cities she used to read about when she was younger.
Adult life seemed much sexier then, constantly exploring and seeing new places, meeting new people, trying new foods.
There were slight differences, but comparisions between all the places she had been were mostly dull shades of steel and brown.
At least here on Mars.

Most of the people her age that she met were also Martian born.
Her parents moved here from Earth when they were younger and Mars was a much sexier place to be.
Her mom moved here on a whim intending on being a designer of all the wonderous cities being constructed in the great
Martian expansion, but ended up in a more menial lifestyle designing the sewage and water purification systems.
They were hopelessly complex, as much so as she was smart, and smart designers got pushed into this sort of thing out
of necessity.
Only the more simple and charasmatic designers ever got to design the colorful buildings beneath any of the domes in the
cities popping up like sprouts after a spring rain.
She heard her mother say that phrase a million times, but she still didn't quite understand what it meant.

Her dad was part of the first Great Migration a decade prior, and had made his way to Mars as a mechanical engineer.
He started his career right after college fixing the collossal digging machines that dug under the Martian dust and
turned it into all manner of wonderous, red materials.
When he was a little older he was moved to become a part of the team responsible for the bubbles that kept them all safe
from the poisonous atmosphere.
That's where her parents met, when her dad first started that job and had to interact with the design department about
the wastegate interfaces,
being the most important and frequent source of problems in the cities.

Her dad had been crippled in an exposure accident some years ago, as she was about to complete her schooling.
Her mother had been permanently distraught since then; she was of strong character, but her vibrancy had seemed much duller
ever since.
Her father had always took things in stride, so she never let herself feel so hopeless at his condition because there was
nothing that she could do about it.

Her taxi politely beeped at her to let her know it was there to pick her up,
but you could sense underneath that programmed politeness was a bit of machine impatience at her daydreaming,
as even the car knew that efficiency was the answer to another day, another dollar.
She walked up next to the car and entered just as the doors made their full swing upward,
immediately reversing direction as the seatbelt folded itself around her lap, locking her in.
Her wallet and her taxi had already communicated where she was going, how much the taxi was going to charge her,
what time she was going to get there, the surge pricing; the taxi was already communicating to the other taxis
on the trip to the bar, letting it know where to avoid and what directions to follow to get there.
All this happened in a blink of her eye and without her knowledge, the endless streams of connection
between wallets and cars and traffic lights and bars and humans and machines and cities and countries;
the world-chain all encompassing and efficient, but all somehow just a little too cold and dead.

She daydreamed more on her ride over to The Silo, staring out into the sea of lights attached to cars that simultaneously
owned themselves but only existed to serve her and make their masters crypto in return for the chance at existance.
The impatience wafted slightly as the door seemed to close just a little quicker than when she entered the car,
even more evident as it softly whirred away when the door to the bar opened to her as she made her way inside.
Her wallet had already communicated a proof of her age as she crossed the threshold; a number she dared not share
with anyone or anything, and thankfully didn't have to.

Jeric, one of her new co-workers was there to meet her with a freshly dispensed drink in hand.
This put her somewhat on edge, but Evie had just taken a short washroom break apparently
so she relaxed her guard and accepted the drink with a practiced smile.

"I love Musketon so far!" Jeric exclaimed halfheartedly, "Not as cool as New Hongkong, but I like the small city vibe here."

"Yeah, I love this city the most of any on Mars." she lied, having not been anywhere else, "There's just more variety here."
