"Flick... flick" her phone made slight noises to let her know that each swipe was registering.
Every swipe registered with a network of of others and swirled together to measure the validation of some post someone created.
Someone explained it to her once, that basically every validation helped determine the engagement of each post,
and something about honesty and engagement and... she didn't really pay attention past that point.
All she knew is that each swipe was an oppurtunity to earn a fraction of a finney,
each correct choice she made earned her a little bit extra, and each wrong choice was meant with a penalty.
It was a game, she knew it, but it wasn't a very significant way to earn coin.
She mostly just played because she loved looking at the pretty pictures, imagined herself in these fantasy lives
these promoters lived, even though she knew full well they were probably not as fabulous as they seemed.

He was still sleeping in the bed next to her. She didn't mind, she often liked it when others slept over,
it gave her a weird sense of calm to be by herself but with the presence of someone in the room.
It was the waking up bit she didn't like, sorting out coffee or breakfast or just where their Wallet went and where they were.
Other people always thought it was strange when she mentioned this oddity about herself,
she theorized it had something to do with a feeling of attachment,
which is just not something someone like her should be worried about at her young age.
She kept fiddling away on her phone mindlessly, sort of in a half dream state still.
The night before had been fun, but she knew these people were transients just like so many others.
Fun to frolic with and enjoy, but ultimately an empty vessel no one had time to fill.
She could feel him stirring now, so she druged over into the bathroom, still flicking away. Still earning, still yearning.

When she was done, he was dressed and walking out the door.
He said a quick goodbye, and she wished him a good morning too.
She was happy that this one didn't seem to be so forgetful, or too chatty in the morning.
She got back into bed and rolled over, enjoying the remnants of his warmth, her favorite part.
She typically didn't go to work on Saturdays. She much preferred a quiet morning in her room,
and would venture out before noon in order to pick up her groceries for the week.
Groceries were one of the few things that were not crafted by the machine in her apartment.
Despite the advances in crafters since she was a child, no one really trusted that a machine could make an apple right.
Every other aspect of the apple the machines could have, she could care less,
but there was just something that could never feel write about drinking a shake when she could feel the bite in her mouth.
Maybe another 5 years they'll get it right, and she wouldn't have to pickup her small bag of groceries every week,
but for now the machines didn't seem to mind this one inefficiency.
