"nyahhhh nyahhhh nyahhh nyahhh nyahhh" his alaram softly chirped.

He creaked out of bed, made his way to the bathroom for his morning piss.
He could still smell the curry eminating from his neighbors apartment, lingering since last night.
"I can't wait to get out of this shithole, I've always hated New York" he mused to himself,
noticing the stains on the inside of the yellow-tinged porcelin bowl.
He'd have to remember to pay for some nano-clean service before he left
or else the bathroom would have that sickening smell when he got home in about a month's time.

Like many others still living on Earth, he was saving up to move to Mars.
The smog and heat of this planet long ago made it an unpleasant place to live.
Most of the cities were owned by autonomous governments installed in the mid-21st century,
sold to the citizens of the world as the means of instilling a bit of the Martian Utopia
into Earth's rapidily disintegrating civilization,
now considered by most to be neglected playthings of the Martian plutocrats.
The rich had moved to Mars in the 2nd wave, when the bubbles were installed and Martian
life became a bit more human and whole lot less deadly.
Unfortunately for the wealthy, they soon realized that Martian society was created without
them in mind, and that despite their money and power on Earth it didn't really mean much
in the Utopia they unwittingly financed on Mars,
as it became a living, breathing ecosystem in and of itself.
With their vast funds, they didn't have a need to participate in the Martian machine,
and with their boredom came their occasional interest in experimenting with their
playthings on Earth.

It was a special kind of hell, but Earthlings endured, mostly to earn their way to
the Red Planet and forget about their old life 250 million miles away.
Most Earthlings didn't know much about Martian life to care anyways,
but he lived in a very special circle of hell on Earth:
he was a crew attendant on the Martian Arks.

The Arks were the massive ships designed to ferry thousands of fleeing refugees from
confines of Earth to their final desination on the red sands of Mars.
No one piloted them of course, the Martian machine long figured out that they could
solve so many of the problems with space travel by simply cryo-freezing their passengers
for the 4 month journey, reducing the need for passenger quarters, bathrooms, food courts,
entertainment centers, boredom, vandalism, stowaways, and a myriad of other problems.
Each ticket bought you your very own special pod, and the chambers were coded to your
specific DNA and body parameters: if a stowaway happened to survive the transport process,
the Martian authorities would surely be waiting on the other end to put you on the long
ride home, with a hefty fine to pay as your only baggage.
A few had managed to trick the system over the years, but each time those holes were
patched up making it harder for the next escapee.
In fact, no one had been successful in the past 10 years.

In the years since most transportation became largely anonymous, an occupation like
"crew attendant" take on an entirely different meaning.
His job was to prepare the departees for their cryogenic journey by helping them
through the process of entering the chambers and adapting to the body changes that
took place when you went under.
The robots had tried to automate these jobs too, but it turned out to be a much more
difficult enterprise to have a robot nearly kill you on purpose without being scared
shitless, so the robots simply let the humans keep this job, knowing that the penalties
for performing this job poorly or taking departees hostage was high enough to discourage
all but the most desprate of Earthlings.
Besides, the pay was very good, so all of the attendants found it much easier to work
for 5 years as an attendant to bring their whole family to Mars then to struggle
with another Earth job that would take probably three to four times longer.
He had happened to fall into this job by chance four and a half years ago,
and was counting the months he had left before he could make the transfer himself.

As he finished packing for his trip to the outpost the massive ships were docked at,
he again did the mental math for his time left: 900,000 coins came in to about four
and change months. He could probably shorten it to three if he pulled some strings.
